hello everyone today I'm going to show
you how to make crispy samosas to make
the dough for the samosa wraps you mix 1
cup whole wheat flour and 1 cup
all-purpose flour pour in some warm oil
and half a cup of warm water now mix
this up and knead it into a soft smooth
dough if the mixture gets too sticky
just moisten your hands and you should
be good to go now keep on mixing this
until it becomes nice and soft make sure
that the water and the oil that you add
are really nice and more when that's
done cover this and let it set for 15
minutes off to the side so this dough
recipe I actually came about it after
doing several trials and errors and it's
tried and trusted and really does work
ok after 15 minutes take the dough and
make it into 10 balls if you want to
make smaller samosas then you can make
it into 20 just roll them up and put
them off to the side okay now just
grease your hands and take the dough
balls and just roll them out as thin as
possible this might take a bit of effort
but the more thin the better I have
tried many different brands of all
ready-made samosa wraps from different
stores and honestly I can say that this
recipe that I've made myself is far
better than all of them it gives you
that nice true authentic samosa taste
okay so now just take a knife and cut
that in half or as best as you can
estimate a half and now what we're going
to do is we're going to cut off the
rough edges so that it makes a nice
circular shape
okay once that's done just take a
skillet and heat it up to minimum heat
and grease it and slightly cook each of
the wraps on this five to ten seconds on
either side now this will really help
your samosas to get that nice crispy
texture and it'll also help it to keep
its shape so just do that for all your
wraps now take a separate pan and pour
in two tablespoons of oil add in one and
a half teaspoon of whole cumin seed also
add in two teaspoons of dry coriander
powder two teaspoons red chili powder
and 2 teaspoons of salt mix this all
nicely and this is all on medium heat
now add in half a cup of green peas
mines are frozen now pour in 1/3 cup of
water and keep on mixing now reduce the
heat and let this mixture simmer until
the water has been reduced to less than
half of the original amount that's when
you know it's done now take your ten
medium potatoes that you've already
boiled and diced and add the mixture
that you just made over top give this a
nice good mix okay now let's put this
all together so take your samosa wrap
and moisten the edges with some water
where I'm going to show you two methods
of wrapping your samosa so the first
method you just take the samosa mixture
and you put it in the middle of the wrap
and now you wrap it as I'm showing you
on the screen making sure to press all
the edges very nice and tightly together
so that data doesn't open when you put
it into the oil really an either method
is better than the other is just a
matter of preference the second method
is to first make the shape into a cone
and then fill it with your mixture and
this method might be easier for
beginners
okay now fill it up with the amount of
mixture that you want and press the
edges close
okay now fill a whole half way with oil
and turn your heat to medium now you
know that your oil is warm enough for
the samosas when you drop a bit of dough
into it and it rises immediately to the
top after doing so so once your oil is
warm enough just drop in your samosas
one by one and your samosas are ready
when they turn golden brown on either
side so these samosas are some of the
best that I've ever had this recipe
always works for me and me and my family
just love it
the mixture is so nice and it's not too
spicy and it's not too bland it's just
right and the wrap makes it so nice and
crispy
seriously it's even better than the
restaurant samosas that I've had you can
also try this with beef if you want I
might be posting another video where I
show you how to make peace beef samosas
so if you want to see that please like
this video and we are done you can serve
this with tamarind dip if you like